Stick with me, valentine.
You’re the bomb.
Don’t ever change valentine.
Have a super valentines day.
I chews you as my valentine.
We’re mint to be. 
You’re a great catch.
You’re extra special to me.
You rock, valentine.
I like the way you roll.
You send my heart into orbit.
I’m crazy for you.
B Mine.
You’re sweet.
You’re as cute as  a button.
We’re 2 of a kind.
You stole a piece of my heart.
You’re a great catch.
I like you beary much.
Everyday I like you s’more.
You’re the apple of my eye.
I’m lucky to have you.
You crack me up.
I love you a whole bunch.
We stick together like PB&J.
I’ve got a crush on you.
You melt my heart.
I soda think you are amazing.
I like you berry much.
I go bananas over you.
Orange you glad you’re my valentine.
You’re plum perfect.
We make the perfect pear.
I’m nuts about you.
Don’t mean to be corny, but will you be my valentine?
My heart pops for you.
You rule, valentine.
You’re the highlight of my day!
Let’s stick together.
I’m stuck on you.
I’ve got my eye on you.
You make my heart glow.
You blow me away, valentine.
You make my heart bounce.
I dig you.
You mean the world to me.
I searched and found the best valentine.
You’re as cute as a button.
We’re the perfect match.
You warm my heart.
You make my heart pound.
You light up my life.
I mustache you a question?
Stick with me, valentine.
You’re just my type.
I love ewe.
Owl be your friend forever.
You're the obi-one for me.
I'd love to hang out with you.
You're out of this world.
You're a hoot.
You're a deer to me.
I think you're a-maze-ing.
I'd pick you any day.
Thumb-body loves you.
I love you a whole lotto.
You rock, valentine.
I love loving you. Happy valentine's day.
I don't just love you. I love that I get to have you as my valentine. Happy valentine's day!
I want to let you know that I want you to be my valentine. Again!
Cupid shoots well for me! He hit you and me with perfect aim.
Happy valentine's day. May god bless you with his unfailing love.
As busy as we get, we need to be reminded that we are still sweethearts. valentine's day is a good day for me to stop and realize how wonderful you make me feel. Happy valentine's day.
I cherish the time that we spend together and know that you are a great valentine.
I like all the ways that we hang out together, even when were mad. And I like the things that are not appropriate for a greeting card.
Whether valentine day or not, I can't think of anyone I would rather spend a day with. Happy valentine's day.
Be mine. Forever.
Valentines day is much more fun when I get to spend it with you.
Thank you for letting me have such a wonderful person as my valentine this year.
I couldn't think of anything better to write in your card than the truth. I love you!
I don't know how to write great messages in cards, but I want to let you know how special you are to me. You are awesome! Happy valentine's day!
Happy valentine's day to the sweetest valentine I could want. You are my sweetheart, and I am glad you're mine.
Our love is like a romance movie, but the best part is that it never ends. Happy valentine's day!
I worked hard trying to think of what to write in your card, really. Then I just 'googled' it. Happy valentine's day.
The only reason I celebrate valentine's day is to keep it from turning into sleep-on-the-couch night.
I love you a lot. Especially when you aren't annoying me to death. Happy valentine day.
Most people don't know this, but Happy valentine's day spelled backwards is Yad Senitnelav Yppah, which means You Stupid Sucker in Cherub language. Cupid told me.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Happy valentine day, I love this really cool person with a great smile, cool personality, a sense of humor, and it isn't you. Just kidding.
We have many valentine days under our belts... literally and figuratively. I guess the chocolates add up over time. Happy valentine's day, and another one under our belts.
I'm wishing you a happy valentine's day, because it's the only way I'll have a happy valentine's day.
I can't think of any reasons to not love you.
Don't get any fatter than you already are eating this chocolate.
I hope you like this card.  I got it really cheap cause I bought in bulk.  It turns out I had a lot of valentine cards to give to all my girlfriends.
I don't want to be your boyfriend any more. Happy valentine's day.
I have one wish for valentine's day. I want you wrapped up in a big bow.
You are sweeter than chocolate and more beautiful than a rose.
If I tried to write all the things that I like about you in this card, I'd run out of room. Here are a few of my favorite things:
Even though valentine's day costs a lot more with a girlfriend, you are the one girl in this world who is totally worth it.
There's nothing I'd rather do this valentine's day than be with you. There's nothing I'd rather be than your boyfriend.
I am wondering how I got so lucky to have you as a girlfriend.
You deserve to be loved on valentine's day. I'll make sure you get what you deserve.
I'm glad you have me as your boyfriend, because now I know you'll be loved the way you should be this valentine's day.
You are the best gift I could ever ask to have for valentine's day!
I am lucky to have a girlfriend who is beautiful, fun, smart, and crazy enough to go out with me.
Valentine’s day makes me stop to realize how awesome it is to be going out with you.
I’m happy to be your valentine, but I'm not as happy as I am to have you as my Girlfriend every day.
Your hair flows like beautiful ocean waves
I love to listen to the rhythm of your breath
Time flashes by when I spend it with you
I live a dream as I hold you close in my arms
If I could find a card that said exactly what I want to say to you, it would say.
Valentine's day is all about love. I love you because
Since it's valentine's day, I get a chance to tell you all the things I should tell you more often
Valentine's day is special for us because
This is a mushy and romantic holiday, but I don't mind because
I love having you as a friend!
Having a supportive friend like you makes me feel special on any day of the year, not just on valentine's day.
Thanks for being my friend and my valentine this year!
Sending warm feelings to a great friend this valentine's day.
I want to let you know that I admire you for all of your many positive qualities, I love you despite your faults, and I am grateful to have you as my friend.
You are my valentine's day ally. It's nice to have a good friend like you on my team.
I just want to say thank you for being such a great friend for such a long time. Your loyalty is unfailing.
Valentine's day is a great day to let those you love know how special they are. I want to let you know that you are a special friend.
May you feel a wealth of love this valentine's day.
I feel loved this valentine's day knowing that I have you as a friend.
You're my best friend and my best valentine!
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
We are each of us angels with only one wing, and we can only fly by embracing one another.
I would rather walk with a friend in the dark than alone in the light.
Valentine's day can be a special day
when someone really cares about you
so valentine's day is more than ok
since you're my friend and I'm yours too.

A friend is someone you can count on
to tell you what you need to hear
a friend can give encouraging words
to help you get over your fears.

Friends will stay right by your side
even when others give up on you
friends can laugh when you screw up
but you'll be laughing along too.

Valentine’s day is for you and me
our very own holiday to celebrate
there’s no one else I’d rather be
than your special valentine date.

Even though this is a special day
and Nothing feels different to me now
I’m glad you’re my valentine today
you can ALWAYS make me say wow!

It’s the way that you look at me
it’s the way that you kiss my cheek
it’s the amazing way I feel with you
that keeps every day feeling new.

Your beauty can't be done justice with my words
I can't describe how your smile colors my world
or the way you float gracefully like a bird
I want you to know that you are a special girl.

you are more than just a valentine's day date
I love to spend time with you as much as I can
you look me in the eyes and I just can't wait
when it comes to kissing you, I'm your biggest fan.

Your mom is the first to love you
when you are still a little baby
and there’s a lot you sill can't do
but I can show her she’s special
by explaining my point of view.

Even though we are apart
you are my special valentine 
your voice warms my heart
I’m so glad that you’re mine.

Friends need love on valentine day
because they are special people too
bhere are so many things I could say
To say thanks for all the things you do.

There’s one very important rule
that your valentine’s day is cool
with cards and candy at school
no one has to feel like a fool.

If staying married to you the rest of my life is crazy, then I don't want to be sane.
Anniversaries are a reminder that you have to keep falling in love with the same person year after year to make the marriage work.
Anniversaries give us a reason to treat each other like we aren't married anymore. We are just dating on our anniversary.
Some say love is complicated, but love is simple. It's the people involved that cause the problems.
Husbands should treat their wives like girlfriends and wives should treat their husbands like boyfriends on their anniversary. Then you'll want to get married again, but won't have to go through the trouble.
No one ever gets a promotion out of the titles of husband and wife, but it is possible to be fired.
Love is a four letter word, just like the others.
Love is a short word for something long lasting. Infatuation is a long word for something that is temporary.

The reason they're called the opposite sex is because every time you think you have your wife fooled-it's just the opposite.

If our wives don't treat us like they should, we ought to be very grateful.
No man prospers without the consent and cooperation of his wife.
A husband is one who stands by you in troubles you wouldn't have had if you hadn't married him.
It makes a wife shudder to think what bad habits her husband might acquire if he did not smoke, drink, and swear.
My husband will never chase another woman. He's too fine, too decent, too old.

Happy valentine's day to the supremely special sweetheart of my life! Your love completes me like a cherry completes the perfect sundae! Have an ultra-sweet day and I lovvvvve you!
Happy valentine's day to the most special person in my life. You are my love, my heart and my joy.
You make my heart feel as light and carefree as a butterfly floating through the air on a sweet spring day. I cherish the gift of love that we have been given, and the happiness you provide. Happy valentine's day!
Happy valentine's day to my one and only. Thank you for everything you've done for me throughout the years and for all the happiness you brought in my life!
Locks are never made without a matching key. Luckily for me, you came into this world with the key that unlocks my heart. It's safe to say that we're meant to be. Happy valentine's day!
Without you there would be no me. It's as simple as that! I love you with all my heart. Happy valentine's day baby!
You've always been my sunshine on a cloudy day, my shoulder to cry on and a helpful hand when I needed you. You deserve this special day as a reminder of the impact you've made on my life.
We're very different in many things we do in life, but we do have one very important thing in common, our profound and true love for each other. Happy valentine's day!
You fill my life with a sense of warmth and bliss, and I cannot imagine a day without looking into your eyes, holding your hand, or kissing your lips. Happy valentine's day to the center of my universe.
I prayed for god to send me someone truly amazing. He heard my prayer, and I am so thankful that He chose to send you. Happy valentine's day - you are truly heaven sent.
There's nothing better than spending this day with the person I care about the most. Happy valentine's day!
Love is the glue that holds us together and keeps us smiling every day of the year. On this beautiful day, we celebrate this love of a lifetime. Happy valentine's day.
You've given me the most wonderful and joyful years of my life and for I will be always thankful. Happy valentine's day!
My life with you is like an endless romantic movie. I'm indeed the luckiest person on Earth! I love you with all my heart. Happy valentine's day!
I love you more with each day. I can see you even when my eyes are closed and I can feel our love deep within my heart. I love you with every ounce of my being. Happy valentine's day to my one true love.
Happy valentine's day baby. Thank you for showing me everyday what true love is all about. I'll love you always and forever!
Happy valentine' day to the person who has managed to make me smile every single day we've been together. I love you!
Today we celebrate valentine's day, a day full of romanticism and love. With you, however, it's valentine's day every day! I love you! Happy valentine's day baby!
My love for you gives me joy and pure happiness and I never thought I could ever be so lucky. Happy valentine's day baby!
The day we met, I looked into your eyes and I immediately knew that you were going to be my sweet valentine for life! Happy valentine's day my love!
A message for my Sweetheart. Everyday with you is valentine's day for me. I love you.

Everywhere you go love and beauty just seem to follow. Happy valentine's day

Life is filled with lots of things that make it all worthwhile, but none is better than the love found in your little smile.

You are my partner, my sweetheart, my confidant and advisor, my comforter and friend. You are my quiet place away from the rest of the world.


Darling, words cannot begin to express how much I appreciate you for bringing a spark of excitement, a touch of tenderness, the light of love to every day of my life.

Thank you for filling my life with love.

May your life be filled with the kind of heartfelt beauty that you bring to mine.

Remembering you and the many reasons you're so dear to me.

For valentine's day, let's have a nice, romantic candlelight dinner for two. I'll find the baby-sitter. You pick up the pizza and beer.

Even in a fairy tale where every dream comes true, I could never hope to find a husband/wife as sweet as you.

Wishing someone close to my heart a warm and wonderful day.

Have the most delicious, super-duper, stupendously fantabulous valentine's day ever! Did I get carried away again?!

How do I love thee? Let me count the ways. I love thee to the depth and breadth and height my soul can reach.

Everyday is valentine's day when I'm with you.

I think you're really precious and cute! In a studly, manly kind of way, of course.

It's a joy to share my heart with you!

Warmest valentine's Wishes.

Know what I like about you? Everything! Happy valentine's day.

May your every heart's desire come true for you today.

Right from the start you stole my heart. Happy valentine's day.

Thank you for all the countless, caring ways you've filled my life with love.

Thank you for being a constant source of laughter and love, strength and support.

The laughter, the smiles, and the tears, the memories we've shared through the years, a love on which I can depend, my sweetheart, my forever friend.

Wishing you a day filled with happiness because you've filled my life with love.

You're always on my mind and in my heart. Happy valentine's day.

You fill me with passion and desire.

Your face lights up my world.

Without you my world would be empty.

Together our passion grows.

You will always be my heart's strongest weakness.

I love you more everyday.

Whatever is worth doing at all is worth doing with you. Happy valentine's day!

There aren't enough words in any language to express how much I love you.

Sweetheart these tulips should suffice until my two lips can touch yours.

Although the beauty of these flowers will diminish, your beauty never will in my eyes.

You + Me = Perfect.

These flowers are the closest thing to the natural beauty of our love.

You know.

Life is filled with lots of things that make it all worthwhile, but none is better than the love found in your smile.

Thank you for filling my life with love.

May your life be filled with the kind of heartfelt beauty that you bring to mine.

Even in a fairy tale where every dream comes true, I could never hope to find a husband/wife/partner as sweet as you.

I hope your valentine's day is as special to you as you are to me!

Know what I like about you? Everything! Happy valentine's day.

May your every heart's desire come true for you today.

Right from the start you stole my heart. Happy valentine's day.

Valentine, So many of my smiles begin with you! I hope this starts to return the favor.

You're always on my mind and in my heart. Happy valentine's day

Your face lights up my world.

I love you more everyday.

Whatever is worth doing at all is worth doing with you. Happy valentine's day!

Although I hope you already know, my love for you just grows and grows!

I love you THIS much!

Of all the things that I love in my life, they could never compare to how much I love you.

No matter what life brings for us, I smile every time I know I'm sharing life with you.

My constant companion, heart beats in time with yours. I breathe in; you breathe out. I know I've found my soulmate.

Thank you for gracing my life with yours.

I am blessed to have you in my life. You mean everything to me. Happy valentine's day

May this be the first of many happy nights spent telling you how much I love you.

To smell the sweetness of your breath, to know the warmth of your touch, the see the light dance inside your eyes. These are the reasons I arise every morning.

I know we've had many of these before, but may this be the valentine's day that we remember forever. I love you.

My heart is found wherever you are.

If I spent a thousand years telling you how much I love you, it would never come close to the full breadth of my desire, devotion and adoration for you.

Happy valentine's day.

Life is filled with lots of things that make it all worthwhile, but none is better than the love found in your little smile.

Thank you for filling my life with love.

May your life be filled with the kind of heartfelt beauty that you bring to mine.

Even in a fairy tale where every dream comes true, I could never hope to find a son/daughter as sweet as you.

Wishing someone close to my heart a warm and wonderful day.

A wish for a valentine's day as sweet as you are!

I hope your valentine's day is as special to you as you are to me!

Know what I like about you? Everything! Happy valentine's day

May your every heart's desire come true for you today.

Right from the start you stole my heart. Happy valentine's day

Since you're such a fantastic son, I've got a special valentine's day gift just for you! I promise not to kiss you in front of any of your friends!

So many of my smiles begin with you!

With all the sunshine things you do, the smiles you share the laughter, too with all the dreams you make come true. It's great to have a kid like you!

You're always on my mind and in my heart. Happy valentine's day

Your face lights up my world.

The joy of my heart since the day you were born. Happy valentine's day!

I love you more everyday.

Whatever is worth doing at all is worth doing with you. Happy valentine's day!

Although I hope you already know, my love for you just grows and grows!

I love you THIS much!

A day without you in my life should never come and even if it does, let that be the last day of my life.
A day without you is a day without sun, a night without you is a night without moon; a life without you is a life without life.
As busy as we get, we need to be reminded that we are still sweethearts. valentine's day is a good day for me to stop and realize how wonderful you make me feel. Happy valentine's day.
Cupid shoots well for me! He hit you and me with perfect aim.
Curved high on a mountain, covered deep in dew, I saw these words… I LOVE YOU!
Even though valentine's day costs a lot more with a girlfriend, you are the one girl in this world who is totally worth it.

Every moment I am not without you, my tears fill the ocean blue…By mine, my love, forever.
Every time I see you, I feel a little flame in my heart, that lights up, because… I LOVE YOU!
Falling in love is like looking at the stars. If you pick one out of the billions and stare at it long enough all the others will melt away.
For today or tomorrow, be mine, forever and ever and ever.
god has created you only for me, because he knows no one can love you more than me!
Happy valentine's day to the sweetest valentine I could want. You are my sweetheart, and I am glad you're mine.
I am lucky to have a girlfriend who is beautiful, fun, smart, and crazy enough to go out with me.
I am wondering how I got so lucky to have you as a girlfriend.
I cherish every minute that I spend with you! I am so blessed that I can, for a love so special.
I cherish the time that we spend together and know that you are a great valentine.
I consider myself to be the luckiest woman on this Earth and it's only because I have found the most precious jewel of this world. It's you, my love. You are the only thing that looks good on me.
I couldn't think of anything better to write in your card than the truth. I love you!
I do not think often, I do not think much, but when I do, I think of you only.
I don't just love you. I love that I get to have you as my valentine. Happy valentine's day!
I don't know how to write great messages in cards, but I want to let you know how special you are to me. You are awesome! Happy valentine's day!
I don't know what I mean to you, I don't know whether you love me or not, but I love you forever, forever, and forever.
I feel the happiest when I think about you, coz I love you.
I have one wish for valentine's day. I want you wrapped up in a big bow.
I have seen angels in the sky, I have seen snowfall in July, I have seen stars falling apart, but I haven't seen anyone like you.
I like all the ways that we hang out together, even when were mad. And I like the things that are not appropriate for a greeting card.
I love loving you. Happy valentine's day!
I love my life because it gave me you. I love you because you are my life.
I love you today, I love you tomorrow, and I love you forever…till I die…
I loved you then and I love you now. But I am least bothered as I can't imagine doing anything else.
I loved you when the sun set yesterday, I love you when the moon comes tonight and I will love when the sun rises tomorrow.
I may not say always how special you are for me, I may not reach to you because I am busy, but you are someone I really love and care for.
I need you like a butterfly needs its wings, an ice bear needs cold weather and a soul needs a body.
I pray to god for a thousand lives, and I wish I get you in each of them.
I thank god because he made me meet you in the journey of life.
I thank my life; because it gave me you…I love my life because you are a part of it.
I want to let you know that I want you to be my valentine. Again!
I was reborn when you first kissed me. Part of me died when you left me. But now I still live, waiting for the day you return to me.
I will hold on you forever because I have never known someone more special than you.
I will wait for you till dawn even if it is the darkest night.
I wish god gives me birth hundred times only to be your lover forever.
I wish to die before you, so that I can write your name on each star. Let the world see you mean the world to me.
I would have been incomplete without your love; it's you who makes me whole.
I’m happy to be your valentine, but not as happy as I am to have you as my Girlfriend every day.
If I had to choose whether to breathe or to love you, I would use my last breath to tell you that… I love you.
If I have life, it should be with you, if I have to die, I should die before you!
If I tried to write all the things that I like about you in this card, I'd run out of room. Here are a few of my favorite things: (write things you like about her).
If staying in your heart is a prison, I would accept to be sentenced for life.
If you ask me how much I love you, count the stars! It is as countless and endless like them!
If you ask me when shall I stop loving you, ask my heart when will it stop beating?
I'm glad you have me as your boyfriend, because now I know you'll be loved the way you should be for valentine's day.
It is love when we think about each other every single moment despite being miles apart. We resides in each other's heart.
It's a long day but I know I will be fine with your touching care, Be there when I come back because I feel so lost when you are not around.
Last night I matched every star with a reason for loving you. I ran out of stars because my love is countless.
Let these words touch your eyes, let these feelings touch your soul; let this love touch your heart.
Life without your love is like a tree without any fruit.
Like everybody who is not in love, he thought one chose the person to be loved after endless deliberations and on the basis of particular qualities or advantages. 
Love is a state of mind which has nothing to do with the mind. 
Love is sweet when it is new and sweeter when it is true and sweetest when it is with you, you seduce me, so I'm falling into you can't you see.
Love one another and you will be happy. It's as simple and as difficult as that. 
Loving you is like breathing-so essential and important to remain alive.
Loving you is the best thing that has ever happened to me.
My days seem to be as dark as night without you. Your love brings sunlight to my heart- my sweetheart.
My heart beats taking your name and it beats because you stay there.
My Love is sweet when it is new, sweeter when it is true and sweetest when it's with you. I love you.
Our love is like a romance movie, but the best part is that it never ends. Happy valentine's day!
Small things that you do makes my heart fill with joys.
Sometimes I laugh even when there is no around thinking about all the funny things that you do just to make me happy. Love you for being there always.
Thank you for letting me have such a wonderful person as my valentine this year.
The first time you touched me, I felt love and even now the feeling of anxiety and excitement remains the same when you come close to me. The love for you grows with every passing moment.
The greatest tragedy of life is not that men perish,but that they cease to love.
The reassuring smile on your lips, touch of your hands, and the little ways in which you make me happy is what keeps me alive everyday.
The way you look at me when I sit in front of the mirror… your smile when I catch you unaware noticing me… these small things show how much you love me more than any words can express.
The way you wake me up and hold me in your arms every morning makes for a great start of my day, and I know you will always make me feel this special no matter how much we grow old.
There's nothing I'd rather do this valentine's day than be with you. There's nothing I'd rather be than your boyfriend.
Think of my love like a diamond ring, – precious, rare and gorgeous, that glorifies your life forever.
Thousands may come in your life and thousands may go, but there will be one person on earth who can give away life for you-and that's me!
Times have changed but your love has remained the same since the time we have been dating. I love you so much.
True love is difficult to find, great to have, easy to lose, but hard to forget, I love you forever.
Valentine’s day makes me stop to realize how awesome it is to be going out with you.
Valentine's day is much more fun when I get to spend it with you.
We picture love as heart-shaped because we do not know the shape of the soul.
When I die. I want to go to heaven, to put your name on a star. Let all the angels see, how much you mean to me.
When I think of you, roses of red grow in my heart. Every time I see you smile, they bloom and make me happy.
When you come to me with your hair all messed up, I love you. When you come to me with chocolate all over your lips, I love you. When you crack silly jokes with me, I love you. I love you because you join me in my weirdness. Thanks for being my silly soul mate. Love you forever!
Whether valentine's day or not, I can't think of anyone I would rather spend a day with. Happy valentine's day.
Who says we are miles apart? I still see you as I close my eyes.
Without your love I can do nothing, with your love there is nothing I can't do.
You always know exactly how I feel and you are always there to make me feel alright when I stay far away from you… It is love that keep the connection between us so strong.
You are as warm as sunshine. As sweet as sugar, as beautiful as flower, as pure as my love for you-I love you!
You are my destination in life, also the way to reach to it. Wish to spend this lovely journey with you.
You are my first thought when I wake up; you are my last thought when I fall asleep.
You are not mine, but still I don't know why I am afraid of losing you.
You are sweeter than chocolate and more beautiful than a rose.
You are the best gift I could ever ask to have for valentine's day!
You are the sun in my days, the moon in my nights, the waves in my ocean, and the life in my life.
You deserve to be loved on valentine's day. I'll make sure you get what you deserve.
You might mean to be a no one for the world, but for someone, you mean the whole world.
Your eyes lit up my world, your smile brightened my sky.
Your love help me find happiness in the most unexpected ways… life with you has been sheer bliss.
Your love lightens up my path and shows me the way to move forward.
Your love makes my life stronger and happier. Be mine forever.
It's sexy time!
You make my bed rock.
I bet you look good naked.
I lost my number, can I have yours?
I couldn't decide what to get you for valentine's day, so I thought I'd just get you naked.
You turn me on.
If you were my homework, I'd do you every night.
Let's commit the perfect crime... I'll steal your heart and you steal mine.
Happy valentine’s day, Sweetheart.
Happy valentine’s day with love and sprinkles on top!
The happiest of heart days to the sweetest of valentine!
Happy valentine’s day, gorgeous.
Wishing the sweetest, happiest day to my forever valentine.
Happy valentine’s day to my one and only.
You have no idea how sexy you are.
You inspire me to be a better person.
You take my breath away.
It's so great to be married to my best friend.
With love that will just keep growing
I love when you snuggle me and make me laugh. I don't know which I like best.
Saving up all my kisses until we’re together again.
Hope your day is filled with fun and your mouth is filled with chocolate!
Hugs and kisses.
Kisses.
XOXOXO.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
If you press me to say why I loved him, I can say no more than because he was he, and I was I.
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love.
Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another.
I know of only one duty, and that is to love.
Love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey.
The heart has its reasons of which reason knows nothing.
When you love someone all your saved up wishes start coming out.
The best smell in the world is that man that you love.
I'll love you, dear, I'll love you till China and Africa meet and the river jumps over the mountain and the salmon sing in the street.
Love shall be our token; love shall be yours and love shall be mine.
This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First to let go of life. Finally, to take a step without feet.
Kisses are a better fate than wisdom.
Where there is great love, there are always wishes.
I love romance. I'm a sucker for it. I love it so much. It's pathetic.
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you.
When love is not madness, it is not love.
If a hug represented how much I loved you, I would hold you in my arms forever.
One day you will ask me which is more important, my life or yours? I will say mine and you will walk away not knowing that you are all my life.
Lve is not finding someone to live with; it's finding someone you can't live without.
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind, and therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
I am weird, and you are weird. Everyone in the world is weird. One day, two people came together in mutual weirdness and fell in love.
What the world really needs is more love and less paperwork.
Falling in love is so hard on the knees.
I love being married. It's so great to find one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
As a man in a relationship, you have a choice: you can be right or you can be happy.
Women with pasts interest men. They hpe history will repeat itself.
A heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Love doesn't make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Love is an irresisitible desire to be irresisitibly desired.
You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.
Poetry spills from the cracks of a broken heart, but flows from one which is loved.
THe heart has its reasons that reason knows nothing of.
The greatest possession we have costs nothing, it's known as love.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
Immature love says: I love you because I need you. Mature love says: I need you because I love you.
Where there is love there is life.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
If i had a flower for every time I thought of you, I could walk through my garden forever.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
We're all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness, and call it love – true love.
My heart to you is given, oh dear, do give yours to me. We'll lock them up together and throw away the key.
Don't wait until it's too late to tell someone how much you love, how much you care. Because when they're gone, no matter how loud you shout and cry, they won't hear you anymore.
I can't live without you. I love you. I miss you. I care about you. You are the beat of my heart, lover of my soul. I'll never leave you. You are the one that makes me sing, who makes me smile. I never seem to cry. Don't let me out of your sight for I'm yours by heart. No poems, no fancy words. I just want the world to know that I love you, my princess, with all my heart. 
When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives means the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
A single rose can be my garden, a single friend, my world.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.
I love the way you fall asleep; slowly, and then all at once.
You are the brightest star, and I'm in love with who you are.
Now I know what love is.
I don't pretend to know what love is for everyone, but I can tell you what it is for me. Love is knowing all about someone and still wanting to be with them more than any other person. Love is trusting them enough to tell them everything about yourself, including the things you might be ashamed of. Love is feeling comfortable and safe with someone, but still getting weak knees when they walk into a room and smile at you.
You are the poem I never knew how to write, and this life is the story I have always wanted to tell.
Sometimes you meet somebody and you know that whatever you did before must have been right, because nothing you've done could be too bad, or have gone too far wrong, because it led you to this person.
Unless you love someone, nothing else makes sense.
She loves me every single day and night, and she says we are everything that is good in her life. She says she loves me more than anything on earth, and that's almost as much as I love her.
Above all things I believe in love.
I love you. I am who I am because of you. You are every reason, every hope, and every dream I've ever had, and no matter what happens to us in the future, every day we are together is the greatest day of my life.
There is no master plan. My heart is in your hands.
All he knew was that they fit somehow, and that he felt as if he spent most of his life traveling a path that led inexorably to her.
You are what I never knew I always wanted.
When I saw you, I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew.
Love is not a big thing. It's a million little things.
When you know who you want to spend the rest of your life with, you want to start the rest of your life as soon as you can.
For love I'd do anything. For you I'd do more.
When eagles forget how to fly, and it's 20 below in July, and when violets turn red and roses turn blue, I'll still be in love with you.
You and I are meant to be together. Period. The end. Cue happy-ending music.
Being with you made me feel like for once in my life I wouldn't have to work so hard on being happy, that it could just happen.
Love is like the wind. You can't see it, but you can feel it.
People always say that, when you love someone, nothing in the world matters. But that's not true, is it? You know, and I know, that when you love someone, everything in the world matters a little bit more.
Because of you, I can feel myself slowly but surely becoming the me I have always dreamed of being.
To love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart and sing it to them when they have forgotten.
We help each other to realize that everything we want to be, we already are.
I love her and that's the beginning and the end of everything.
Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself.
Love, I've come to understand, is more than just three words mumbled before bedtime.
Loved you once, love you still. Loved you then, and always will.
No matter what you think you mean to me, you will always mean more.
You be hte anchor that keeps my feet on the ground. I'll be hte wings that keep your heart in the clouds.
Life takes you somewhere. Love helps you get there.
Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
Do you love me because I am beautiful, or am I beautiful because you love me?
For, you see, each day I love you more,
today more than yesterday and less than tomorrow.
I will find out where she has gone,
and kiss her lips and take her hands.
and pluck till time and times are done
the silver apples of the moon,
the golden apples of the sun.
If it is your time, love will track you down like a cruise missile.
If you live to be hundred, I hope I live to be hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you. If you want the rainbow, you have to put up with a little rain!
In her first passion woman loves her lover, In all the others all she loves is love.
In love you best allies remain the unspoken words.
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. The consciousness of loving and being loved brings a warmth and a richness to life that nothing else can bring.
Love and you will be loved, and you will be able to do all that you could not do unloved.
Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others, and the delight in the recognition.
Love is not love that alters when it alteration finds.
One word frees us of all the weight and pain in life. That word is love.
The richest love is that which submits to the arbitration of time.
Very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.













































